In this meeting we will discuss our final design. And we will do some evaluation about the, not only the product, but also the project. And then we're going to close the project today as well. And this design, detailed design meeting we will discuss the look-and-feel of the design, the usability interface design,. and we will do the product evaluation. We'll have the prototype presentation first. Then we will set up some evaluation cri criteria. Then we will look at the finance. we will have to see if everything we wanna do is also possible within our budget. Then we will do the project evaluation,. But first we will do the this is prototype presentation.
This is what me and Richard came up with. The default spot for the on-off button. The mute button just below that. Then there's the volume and channel selectors. Simple plus-minus button. we thought of a help button. If you hold it and you press another button, the help goes to the LCD screen. Then there's the zero to one to zero buttons. A button for teletext. A button for the subtitles. And the company logo. So it's rather simple prototype.
Is this the moment where we ask or can ask questions about the functionality? when you're in teletext there usually are buttons where you just you just press it and you go to the next teletext page.
That's just the normal as th as the normal remote controls. you came in page one hundred. Now you can use the normal one to zero buttons. But you can also use the button th for changing the the channel. so the shifting button. for yeah shif shifting up in on on teletext, and shifting down. So
I thought in a few meetings earlier we tried to keep it simple. just a few buttons and large buttons. But I think these are altogether quite a quite a few buttons. So I'm wondering if we if we neely really need all of those buttons.
I think if you look at most controls, they've got more buttons than this. the on-off button, it's it's a necessity. The volume and channel buttons, you need you obviously need those those. The mute button could be replaced by pressing the volume-down button twice. I think the help button really is necessary. because there's no other way to know when someone wants to know what a button does.
Or you can build in when you press one button
You can't leave out the number buttons I guess.
Teletext and subtitles are yeah necessary.
So it's rather basic already.
Just normal plain buttons.
But they're supposed to be equal sized, round, with a with a little logo on it for the for the volume, the the triangle and stuff. and for the materials we've just chosen for rubber buttons. With a a different colour than the case.
I will move on to the finance part,. And I can tell you that we're going to have a pretty hard time producing this for twelve and a half Euros. I don't know if I've filled in correctly,. so just correct me if you see something wrong. I counted two batteries. But maybe we can also use one.
Since it rechargeable.
That's two Euros off. We need the advanced chip. Here we have the single curves. we can see that the difference between uncurved and the single curved is one Euro.,. but I think the single curved is good for design, and also for the display to have a prominent place on the remote control. Then we have the case material supplements. It's the cheapest one we need. But then the biggest costs are the buttons. So maybe we really should try to discard some buttons to keep our costs low. Let's fir first count the buttons we have now.
Seventeen. with the help button.
I think we can discard the help and the mute button by pressing down volume long, or pressing down a a number long.
I assume you'd count the volume and channel thingies for two buttons each,
So maybe we can we can even make one button with the volume and the channel in one, by pressing
I was thinking, maybe you could just integrate three of those numbers to one button.
On the chip you've got still four four buttons.
Also the LC display, I think it's, I think it's too expensive for the display we use.
If we leave out the display we can also save money on the chip.
But what's the big advantage of our remote then?
Only the docking station, I guess.
Which isn't the the docking station isn't even in this s schematic. it's not even taken into the price.
Don't you think we can, if we can count this as as one button, and integrate th these buttons in three,
But would it make the remote more usable for elderly people?
Maybe it's feasible to just put the price of the remote up a little.
But we have to stick to the twelve and a half Euros.
But it is possible to make one for twelve fifty.
It is. If you leave out the LC display. And if you use less buttons. Say Or you can take the single chip. Or we can leave out the ten buttons. and take one scroll wheel for the programme numbers. If you scroll you will see the numbers on the LCD display. Until you've got the right number, then you push it.
That would bring up the price of the scroll-wheel also. Integrated scroll-wheel push-button.
But then you you can push some other button as well. Yeah. That's right. So if you scroll to a number and then you wait a half second, then it turns to that channel. And the regular chip is not possible?
If you want to use an LCD screen you you need an advanced chip, yes.
And we can save a Euro by a flat design.
Or we have to skip the subtitle button.
But I think that's That is a big advantage,. can't we integrate the teletext and the subtitles in one button?
I think so. Yeah.
But then again that would be j just pretty much not an option for older people,. who don't even know what a scroll-wheel is. Holding a remote with which they expect to have like ten buttons for the numbers one to zero. With only five buttons on it. And a scroll-wheel.
I think if you make a good advertisement on television and in the in the guide, you can explain to the people how to use the scroll wheel. And we can keep our LCD screen,. which can provide extra information. How to use the scroll wheel. How to use the other bu buttons as subtitles.
And just If you press the volume button you can control the volume with the scroll-wheel.
So we make one for the volume, one for the channel. Plus scroll. we can leave the teletext in if we want. So we can decrease this one to four buttons. what does everybody think about a flat or a single curved design?
I still think we should go for the single curve design. But then again, all these changes are not really okay with me. But since we just have to. I'd rather just go to the board. and get us to spend eighteen dollars a a remote.
But th I think we can then keep the single curved one. Just to express our LCD screen a bit more. I think it was better to have this price list a bit earlier. Before we went on to the to the whole design.
This will really require a lot of marketing to get this to sell. 'Cause if older people like familiar forms and familiar stuff. This is not familiar for them.
But they know the scroll-buttons from old radios. they cal also buttons like that for changing channels.
What it costs under twelve and a half Euros? yes they are. But we can go on with the project evaluation.
I did some literature study study, and analysis of the requirements we set up earlier. Translated it into criteria,. is the remote fancy? The shape, look and feel. Innovative? What new functions are there? easy to use? learnability is a very important factor here. is it functional? And the cost. The target group. Is the remote really for the group we're making it for? I have to say this was a little hard,. because the minutes of our last meeting were not here.
That's because my pen failed to upload his data.
Is the design fancy, on a scale of one to seven? We all go for six? is the design innovative? I think so,. Is the design easy to use?
I would say four. Four or five between. Between four or five. Is it functional?
Do we have too many functions?
Think it's seven.
And do we take care of the biggest frustrations of the remote control? Like it getting lost and RSI influences?
We haven't thought of that one.
Think we do. Are the production costs within the preset limits? they are now. Does the design fit the group of focus?
I think that's a three.
I think with our new radio button, I think it's I think it's better.
I still I think it's too too fancy. Too too flashy.
I would give it a four.
I think I'd go for two. Is the company company recognisable?
Yes it is.
We have the logo there.
And they wanna put fashion in their products. in the slogan of the company. And we have the removable front cases.
I was also supposed to calculate the score,. These are seven factors times seven is forty something. Two? Forty one out of forty nine.
That's Around eighty percent. I think that's a pretty nice score. that brings us to the project evaluation. Did we move through the right phases, you think? Along the process?
Think we should have a should have had the finance thingy a lot earlier. In the design phase.
So lack of information about prices. Was there room for creativity?
Not too much. No.
It's because of the finance sheet. Yeah.
Yeah, there there was enough room, but the finance
And I would've liked to go for the younger users also. And just to be able to access internet and get something of your own.
Was it clear what everybody had to do according to their roles and functions? Yeah? Teamwork? Did it work out? Working together? Also, you two of you with the last phase?
The tasks are very structured,
Were the means sufficient for the tasks we had to do?
The smart-board, the d drawing is just a pain in the ass,. but The digital the digital pen is very nice.
Failed download. Smart-board was irritating. the sharing of the information was was okay?
Pen is here.
Have we found new ideas for having this kind of meetings? any more ideas? Or questions about the project? Or about the product? Because I think then that we get to our last sheet.
Considering we are not going to make a docking station.
Do we think we gonna get the twelve and a half million? I think we will. If we gonna export this product.
If we're gonna make a scroll-button anyway it'd be more for the younger people than for the older people. So maybe we should just re-focus.
Just put it on the market for everybody. You can you can change markets where by changing the front covers. So you can also try to reach the younger people by putting fancy covers on on the market. Just as a test. See how it works.
I think then it would be way more popular with younger people than it is, than would be with older people. Even if it were their covers.
I think we still have to fit in one more questionnaire. I think. Five more minutes? Then we still have some questions. If somebody has some questions they can ask them now. I think I'm going to make our final presentation now. And then I will be back in about ten minutes to show you the final presentation. Summary of the project.
Are we supposed to go into our own rooms again?
Maybe we have to fill another questionnaire.